Maps section completed. (#996)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-qt: ArcGISRuntimeSDKQt_CppSamples/Maps/SetMapSpatialReference/README.md

# Set map spatial reference

Specify a map's spatial reference.

![](screenshot.png)

## Use case

Choosing the correct spatial reference is important for ensuring accurate projection of data points to a map.  

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom around the map. Observe how the map is displayed using the World Bonne spatial reference.

## How it works

1. Instantiate an `Map` object using a spatial reference e.g. `Map(SpatialReference.create(54024))`.

> 2. Instantiate a `Basemap` object using an `ArcGISMapImageLayer` object.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create an `Map` object using a spatial reference e.g. `Map(SpatialReference.create(54024))`.
2. Create a `Basemap` object using an `ArcGISMapImageLayer` object.
```

## How it works

> 1. Create an `Map` object using a spatial reference e.g. `Map(SpatialReference.create(54024))`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `Map` object using a spatial reference e.g. `Map(SpatialReference.create(54024))`.
```
